Research:
The challenge with keyloggers on Mac OS lies in Apple's defense mechanism of System Integrity Protection (SIP). 
System Integrity Protection by default prevents the powers associated with being a root user, meaning
that root privileges are not allowed/granted unless the user turns off System Integrity Protection. 
Fortunately, this provides a very thick line of defense for everyday users of Apple computers that are unaware
of everyday security risks. So I spent a lot of time figuring out how to bypass SIP when trying deploy this keylogger and was
not able to find a viable solution. The only way for a keylogger to successfully run on a Mac OS is to run the program
as a root user as well as whitelisting the terminal application. So there is no viable way to deploy this keylogger unless
someone always uses a root account and has his/her terminal application whitelisted. Both of which are very uncommon
for the everyday user of apple computers. 

Future Work:
1. Continue research on trying to figure out how to bypass SIP in order to deploy a keylogger on Mac OS
2. Figure out a way to discreetly take screenshots and transfer them to a remote server (Currently 'screenshotCapture.py'
takes screenshots but those screenshots make a sound everytime they are taken and are very visible to victims since they always
end up on the victims desktop). Hence why I turned it into a 'screenshot spammer'. This is also generally blocked by SIP since
you are attempting to gain control of the keyboard.

What I Learned:
Coming into the class I had no security, networks, or assembly background at all. This project served as an ultimate capstone
for me since it allowed me to dabble in multiple areas of security. I learned how to create a simple keylogger
and spam users with screenshots which is pretty cool yet relatively simple (in terms of lines of code). I also learned a
little bit about networks by creating the file transfer part of this project which introduced me to simple socket programming
in Python. I also spent a lot of time researching SIP and the security measures taken by technology companies to prevent
spyware like this from being deployed. I found the whole experience enjoyable yet informative. The class as a whole certainly
piqued my interest in the field of computer security and I am looking forward to furthering my knowledge in this area in the
future.
